# Machine-Learning-Deep-Learning-Frameworks
Jupyter notebooks implementing features of machine learning and neural networks. I learned much of this material and wrote much of this code while completing the Deep Learning specialization on Coursera.

## Logistic regression with a neural network mindset
LogisticRegressionFromScratch.ipynb:
- Step-by-step implementation of logistic regression, created in the style of a neural network.
- Contains functions that initialize variables, perform forward and backward propagation, optimize parameters using gradient descent, and make predictions on new data.
- Model is tested on sci-kit learn's breast cancer dataset.

## Neural network from scratch using TensorFlow

Implements a basic neural network to be used for classification. Optimizes parameters of neural network using gradient descent.

Files include:
- **neural_network.py**: defines class NeuralNetwork, which implements a neural network using TensorFlow.
- **NeuralNetworkDemo.ipynb**: instantiates NeuralNetwork and applies to MNIST hand-written digit dataset.

## Neural style transfer

Manipulates an image to emulate the style of another image.

Files include:
- **neural_style_transfer.py**: defines neural style transfer (NST) model with an object-oriented framework.
- **NeuralStyleTransfer.ipynb**: implements NST, using VGG19 as a base model, to combine a content image with a style image.
- **content.jpg**: content image for implementation in NeuralStyleTransfer.ipynb
- **style.jpg**: style image for implementation in NeuralStyleTransfer.ipynb
- **generated.jpg**: image generated by NeuralStyleTransfer.ipynb

<br>
More files and details to come.
